c:\Users\sasu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFI\Negocio\bin\Release\Negocio.dll
c:\Users\sasu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFI\Negocio\bin\Release\Negocio.pdb
c:\Users\sasu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFI\Negocio\bin\Release\Negocio.xml
c:\Users\sasu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFI\Negocio\bin\Release\Modelo.dll
c:\Users\sasu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFI\Negocio\bin\Release\Seguridad.dll
c:\Users\sasu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFI\Negocio\bin\Release\Modelo.pdb
c:\Users\sasu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFI\Negocio\bin\Release\Modelo.xml
c:\Users\sasu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFI\Negocio\bin\Release\Seguridad.pdb
c:\Users\sasu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFI\Negocio\bin\Release\Seguridad.xml
c:\Users\sasu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFI\Negocio\obj\Release\Negocio.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\sasu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFI\Negocio\obj\Release\Negocio.Resources.resources
c:\Users\sasu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFI\Negocio\obj\Release\Negocio.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\sasu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFI\Negocio\obj\Release\Negocio.dll
c:\Users\sasu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFI\Negocio\obj\Release\Negocio.xml
c:\Users\sasu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TFI\Negocio\obj\Release\Negocio.pdb
C:\Users\sasu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TFI\Negocio\bin\Release\DAL.dll
C:\Users\sasu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TFI\Negocio\bin\Release\DAL.pdb
C:\Users\sasu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TFI\Negocio\bin\Release\DAL.xml
C:\Users\sasu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TFI\Negocio\bin\Release\Datos.dll
C:\Users\sasu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TFI\Negocio\bin\Release\itextsharp.dll
C:\Users\sasu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TFI\Negocio\bin\Release\Datos.pdb
C:\Users\sasu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TFI\Negocio\bin\Release\Datos.xml
